CHAOS-4155 runAsUser and runAsGroup (#5566)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/configure-chaos-experiments/experiments/edit-chaos-experiment.md

![save](./static/edit-experiment/save-after-edit.png)

## Execute experiment with advanced options

You can execute the chaos experiment with advanced security options: **runAsUser** or **runAsGroup**. Both the options allow privileged or restricted access to experiment pods.

1. **runAsUser**: Specifies the user ID used to start all the processes in the experiment pod containers. Default user ID is 1000.

> 2. **runAsGroup**: Specifies the group ID used to start all the processes in the experiment pod containers instead of a user ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **runAsGroup**: Specifies the group ID used to start all the processes in the experiment pod containers. Default Group is 0.
```
